Improve state of the art for screenshot testing (#555)
pygfx/wgpu-py: README.md

If you want to update the reference screenshot for a given example, you can grab
those from the build artifacts as well and commit them to your branch.

### Testing Locally

Testing locally is possible, however pixel perfect results will differ from
those on the CIs due to discrepencies in hardware, and driver (we use llvmpipe)
versions.

> If you want to force the usage of LLVMPIPE to speed up local testing you
> may do so with the WGPUPY_WGPU_ADAPTER_NAME environment variable

Reviewer: right?
```suggestion
If you want to force the usage of LLVMPIPE to enable local testing you
may do so with the WGPUPY_WGPU_ADAPTER_NAME environment variable
```

Reviewer: And you need llvmpipe which is not trivial to install on non-Linux, right?

Reviewer: BTW, why not just WGPUPY_ADAPTER_NAME?

Author: Honestly, I just tried to prefix the WGPU_ADAPTER_NAME, 

WGPUPY is a "wrapper" onto "WGPU", so we should have WGPUPY_WGPU_ADAPTER_NAME

and provides homage  to WGPU's WGPU_ADAPTER_NAME explicitly.

Author: i expaneded on the documentation warning against usage outside the WGPU-py test suite.

If you want to update the reference screenshot for a given example, you can grab
those from the build artifacts as well and commit them to your branch.

### Testing Locally

Testing locally is possible, however pixel perfect results will differ from
those on the CIs due to discrepencies in hardware, and driver (we use llvmpipe)
versions.

On linux, it is possible to force to force the usage of LLVMPIPE in the test suite
and compare the generated results of screenshots. Beware, the results on your machine
may differ to those on the CI. We always include the CI screenshots in the test suite
to improve the repeatability of the tests.

If you have access to a linux machine with llvmpipe installed, you may run the
example pixel comparison testing by setting the WGPUPY_WGPU_ADAPTER_NAME
environment variable appropriately. For example

```
WGPUPY_WGPU_ADAPTER_NAME=llvmpipe pytest -v examples/
```

The `WGPUPY_WGPU_ADAPTER_NAME` variable is modeled after the
https://github.com/gfx-rs/wgpu?tab=readme-ov-file#environment-variables
and should only be used for testing the wgpupy library itself.

> It is not part of the supported wgpy-py interface.

Reviewer 2: Two instances of wgpu-py misspelled in the README would be a bad look. ;) can you correct them?

Author: eek soryr.
